Create 2024-02-14-q1-product-announcement.md (#8866)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/releasenotes/2024-02-14-q1-product-announcement.md

---
title: "Q1 product announcement - WebOps Certification, NextJS Starter Kits, and more!"
published_date: "2024-02-14"
categories: [new-feature, front-end-sites, performance, wordpress, general]
---

> Hope this release note finds you in high spirits. We've got some fantastic news to share from the Q1 product announcement – new features, improvements, and even some goodies for our beloved Pantheon community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope this release note finds you in high spirits. We've got some fantastic news to share from our latest product announcement – new features, improvements, pricing updates.
```

🚀 **WebOps Certification Program and free study guide**

Elevate your skills with our [certification program](https://pantheon.io/certification). Check out the [study guide](https://docs.pantheon.io/certification/study-guide) to get started.

> 🌐 **NextJS open source starter kits**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🌐 **Next.js open source starter kits**
```

> Dive into the world of NextJS with our open-source [starter kits](https://decoupledkit.pantheon.io/docs). Kickstart your projects with ease!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dive into the world of Next.js with our open-source [starter kits](https://decoupledkit.pantheon.io/docs). Kickstart your projects with ease!
```

Managing Multidev environments just got smoother. Enjoy enhanced control over your front-end sites.

🚀 **83% faster backups with Pantheon File System**

Say goodbye to slow backups! Our revamped Pantheon File System ensures faster performance.

📊 **File System Status Report for performance issue alerts**

Stay ahead of performance issues with the [File System Status Report](https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/filesystem/large-files#alerts?utm_medium=email&utm_source=newsletter&utm_content=what%27s_new&utm_campaign=2024_02_WEB_ALL_US_Whats_New_Announcement_Q1) available in the site dashboard's "Status" tab.

🌐 **WordPress enterprise-grade database support**

Data-heavy sites, rejoice! Experience enterprise-grade database support for WordPress.

🌐 **Improved multiple domain management experience**

Managing domains just got easier, faster and more intuitive. 

🚀 **PHP 8.3 support**

We now support PHP 8.3. While PHP 8.2 is recommended for now, rest assured that we're ready to support your migration as core CMSes and plugins catch up.

[Learn more about what's new in Q1](https://pantheon.io/about/whats-new).

📅 **Pricing updates starting March 4**

> Get ready for preferred pricing, 4 months overage protection for qualifying non-profits, and a 40% traffic limit increase for our annual subscribers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get ready for preferred pricing, four months overage protection for qualifying non-profits, and a 40% traffic limit increase for our annual subscribers.
```

Author: Yes I included links to the What's New page (https://pantheon.io/about/whats-new) and the policy/pricing changes page (https://pantheon.io/blog/enhanced-pantheon-overage-policy-traffic-limits-and-pricing?utm_medium=email&utm_source=newsletter&utm_content=what%27s_new&utm_campaign=2024_02_WEB_ALL_US_Whats_New_Announcement_Q1).
